[**@cdklabs/generative-ai-cdk-constructs**](../README.md)

***

[@cdklabs/generative-ai-cdk-constructs](../README.md) / BedrockDataAutomationProps

# Interface: BedrockDataAutomationProps

Properties for creating a CDK BDA construct.

## Properties

### inputBucketName?

> `readonly` `optional` **inputBucketName**: `string`

- Optional. The name of the S3 bucket for uploading
for input data used by the Bedrock Data Automation process. 
If not provided, a new bucket will be created.

***

### isBDAInvocationRequired?

> `readonly` `optional` **isBDAInvocationRequired**: `boolean`

- Optional. Indicates whether a Bedrock Data
Automation invocation is required. If true, the necessary resources will be created.

***

### isBDAProjectRequired?

> `readonly` `optional` **isBDAProjectRequired**: `boolean`

- Optional. Indicates whether a Bedrock Data
Automation project is required. If true, the necessary resources will be created.

***

### isCustomBDABlueprintRequired?

> `readonly` `optional` **isCustomBDABlueprintRequired**: `boolean`

- Optional. Indicates whether a custom
Bedrock Data Automation blueprint is required. If true, the necessary resources will be created.

***

### isStatusRequired?

> `readonly` `optional` **isStatusRequired**: `boolean`

- Optional. Indicates whether the status of the
Bedrock Data Automation process is required. If true, the necessary resources will be created.

***

### outputBucketName?

> `readonly` `optional` **outputBucketName**: `string`

-  Optional. The name of the S3 bucket for storing
output files generated by the Bedrock Data Automation process.

***

### outputFilename?

> `readonly` `optional` **outputFilename**: `string`

- Optional. The name of the output file generated by the 
Bedrock Data Automation process.
